[My Website](chdmark.github.io)

-What did you learn about CSS padding, borders, and margin by doing this challenge?
-What did you learn about CSS positioning?
-What aspects of your design did you find easiest to implement? What was most difficult?
-What did you learn about adding and formatting elements with CSS in this challenge?

This was by far the most frustrating challenge for me as I am completely new with CSS. Unlike HTML, CSS concepts were much harder for me to grasp as there were numerous different elements to learn. I think the box model is challenging with padding, borders, and margins because those three factors affect the whole dimension of the box. It took me a while to grasp that concept, but I think I understand it better now. You can tell through my code that I had trouble incorporating all of the elements. In addition, I'm not used to the measurements as well. Pixels, ems, and percentages are still foreign to me. I learned that margins are transparent in color and fall outside the element. It is the outermost layer. Borders are in between padding and margins. You can change the the appearance of borders, but I spent too much time on my site so I did not get the chance to experiment. Padding is outside the element's actual border. It essentially protects the elemnt. 

I definitely understood the fixed positioning. That helped me design my header, my side footer, and footer. The element stays in the same exact place when someone scrolls down the page. In addition, I was able to use floats to position some of my elements to the left or right. I'm still getting used to positioning, but it is definitely hard to place your elements in your desired place without a framework. Some of my elements are out of place when I shrink the page. I understand that relative positioning is positioned with the actual flow of the page. Absolute positioning is taken out of the normal flow and does not affect other elements. 

I thought the header and footer, and the horizontal navigation bars were easy to implement. However, positioning my picture and headers in my side footer was extremely difficult. I had to adjust the paddings and margins many times, and definitely should have used the DOM tool way more. In addition, I could not get my site to scale when it wasn't full screen. 

I learned that I have to really understand the box model to position elements. Float properties helped position elements in the correct spot. I was also able to change the color of my fonts, which I thought was nice, and created my own color schemes as well. I learned how to change different font weights and learned how to make my profile picture have a circle border!